c:\users\ba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CodeFirst_KatmanlıMimari\01-WinForm\bin\Debug\01-WinForm.exe.config
c:\users\ba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CodeFirst_KatmanlıMimari\01-WinForm\obj\Debug\01-WinForm.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CodeFirst_KatmanlıMimari\01-WinForm\obj\Debug\_01_WinForm.Form1.resources
c:\users\ba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CodeFirst_KatmanlıMimari\01-WinForm\obj\Debug\_01_WinForm.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CodeFirst_KatmanlıMimari\01-WinForm\obj\Debug\01-WinForm.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CodeFirst_KatmanlıMimari\01-WinForm\bin\Debug\01-WinForm.exe
c:\users\ba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CodeFirst_KatmanlıMimari\01-WinForm\bin\Debug\01-WinForm.pdb
c:\users\ba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CodeFirst_KatmanlıMimari\01-WinForm\bin\Debug\01-BusinessLayer.dll
c:\users\ba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CodeFirst_KatmanlıMimari\01-WinForm\bin\Debug\01-Entities.dll
c:\users\ba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CodeFirst_KatmanlıMimari\01-WinForm\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CodeFirst_KatmanlıMimari\01-WinForm\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\ba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CodeFirst_KatmanlıMimari\01-WinForm\bin\Debug\01-DataAccessLayer.dll
c:\users\ba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CodeFirst_KatmanlıMimari\01-WinForm\bin\Debug\01-BusinessLayer.pdb
c:\users\ba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CodeFirst_KatmanlıMimari\01-WinForm\bin\Debug\01-Entities.pdb
c:\users\ba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CodeFirst_KatmanlıMimari\01-WinForm\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CodeFirst_KatmanlıMimari\01-WinForm\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\ba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CodeFirst_KatmanlıMimari\01-WinForm\bin\Debug\01-DataAccessLayer.pdb
c:\users\ba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CodeFirst_KatmanlıMimari\01-WinForm\obj\Debug\_01_WinForm.CategoryListForm.resources
c:\users\ba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CodeFirst_KatmanlıMimari\01-WinForm\obj\Debug\01-WinForm.exe
c:\users\ba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CodeFirst_KatmanlıMimari\01-WinForm\obj\Debug\01-WinForm.pdb
c:\users\ba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CodeFirst_KatmanlıMimari\01-WinForm\obj\Debug\_01_WinForm.CategoryEditForm.resources
